# Best-Krishna-Janmashtami-Festive-Season-Gifts-Personalized-Crystal-Gifts-3D-Crystal-Photo-Cube-C
India is a big and diversify country celebrate number of festivals throughout the year. One of these festivals is Krishna Janmashtami - the day Lord Krishna was born - Hindus celebrate the lord Krishna's birthday, The eighth avatar of Vishnu as Janmashtami or Gokulashtami by fasting, praying and singing devotional songs together, prepare festival special food and sharing with neighbours and visit Krishna temples to worship the lord Krishna. In temple different varieties of sweets and fruits are first offered to lord Krishna and after the pooja, these sweets are distributed among the visitors.  According to the Hindu agenda, The Krishna Janmashtami festival is celebrated on the Ashtami of Krishna Paksha or the 8th day of the dark fortnight in the month of Bhadrapad. In India, Krishna Janmashtami is celebrated with great devotion. Speciality of this festival is young boys and girls are dressed up like Krishna and Radha to make the festival magnificent. This year Krishna Janmashtami will be celebrated on 30th August, Monday. People decorate their homes with flowers, lamps and lights. Temples are also beautifully decorated.  Celebrate this year Krishna Janmashtami with some special personalized gifts, Engrave your favourite photo of lord Krishna on crystal and take this crystal gift to your home to bring extra charm to the fest. Blue Crystal is one of the top leading personalized crystal gifts manufacturing company in Bangalore, India. Offering you variety of gifts suitable for all occasions such as all Indian festival, birthday, wedding day, anniversary, mother's day and many more in very reasonable price.
